Which Yamanomura is it?
Let me kneel down
Yeah, that's the guy.
He stole the bees from our Jiuxiang Huadu grass
There are such things
I'd like to see who they are
Oops, why are you?
Farewell in a hurry
I didn't expect to meet you here today
Grandpa, what's going on?
How could you do this to a thief?
Shut up and don't slander Mr. Xu
You bastard
Hmph, do you know that our wine aroma and poison powder
It was given to me by Mr. Xu back then
Start today.
You stay at home for me
If you don't know that medical white spot by heart, you are not allowed to go out
Grandpa's medical book contains a thousand sets
How do I know
Then you will never be able to practice medicine
Oh, how offended Mr. West is?
I'm going to take this son away now
Thank you sir for curing my wife
Tonight I invite Mr. and Miss Gao to a banquet
Mr. Wang, don't refuse
If you have anything to do in the future, please feel free to tell me.
It's time to have a heart
In addition?
Sir, I still have to remind Miss Gao
I heard that Miss Gao and Ke Xin are very close
I already knew that there was a problem with the pharmaceutical industry in the department
I guess the next step for Hakka should be to donate money and run away
Hahahaha
Sir is really amazing
everyone
I'm ready to make an announcement
I am ready to increase capital and shares
Call the shots for the listing
I don't know if you invest in women
Ke Shao is young and has a promising investment.
Absolutely.
I voted 5 million
I run, too, but I don't have much money, only 2 million
Ke Shao, don't mind
We are all family
Talk about anything?
Don't believe him
The Ke family is about to go bankrupt